How to use "GetShoutcast by Mike Morrow/Fernanco Aldea"

I wanted to write a help but no longer know how.  I used to have a help
compiler but it is long gone in the mist of the years.  And since M$
took away FrontPage, I am left toolless.

When you first run the program, you will see the main screen with some
fields that need to be filled in before using.

	1. Output Path can be entered manually or click the "..." button
	to the right to browse for a folder.  You may create a folder
	within the folder browser if desired.
	
	2. There is no 2, that's it for now.  Easy so far, right?
	
Now you will want to go to "Saved Stations" and select a stream to
record and, optionally, listen to.  You cannot listen without recording.
I wish this were otherwise but I have not found a good way to provide
this function yet.  When I do, it will go in.

In "Saved Stations" screen, the first thing you will want to do is click
"Select Shoutcast". There will be a short delay (1 second or less,
usually) while all Shoutcast Genres are fetched. When you get control,
the cursor will be placed where you type in a Genre. You may type all of
part.  If you type 'pop', you will 'Jpop'.  Press enter again to see
'Kpop'.  Eventually you will get to 'Pop' which is a VERY long list.  It
might take 30 seconds to retrieve and populate the stations list.  There
will be a status message and progress bar appear at appropriate times to
keep you updated on what is happening.

Then press Tab and you will go to where you can type in any part of the
station you wish.  If you went into Jazz, they you might type KCSM or
WBGO. When you press Enter, you will be shown the first match.  Press
Enter again to see the next match.  A message will appear when you have
exhausted all matches.  Then, the matching will start from the top once
again.

When you find the station and Bitrate you like, press 'Remember Selected
Station' and you will be taken back to the 'Saved Stations' screen with
that station showing in the first row.

If you now select 'Save List, Use Selected and Close', this screen will
close and you will be back on the Main screen.  You may then 'Connect to
Server'. After the connection is established, you may select 'Start
Recording' and you will see the progress in the top, black box.  'REC'
will flash and the 'Size' will be incrementing.

After 3 seconds of recording, the 'Play Recording' button will light up
and you will be able to hear what you are recording.  The 3 seconds is a
little long but gives a good buffer before playing.  After you click
'Play Recording', it will become not enabled and 'Stop Playing
Recording' will be enabled.  If you select this one, playback will stop.
If you click 'Play Recording' again, it will start from the beginning.
Use 'Mute Playback' and 'Pause Playback' to mute and/or keep your place
in the recording if you need intermitent quiet.  You can use the slider
at the bottom of the screen on the WMP to scroll forward.

Advanced usage:

Back on the 'Saved Stations' screen, you may enter a few more bits that
make the program operate in 'TeeVoh' (sic) mode.  I stole that name but
can't spell it right for copyright reasons but you know what I mean:
Record everyting in the list on a recurring basis.

To set automatic, timed recording options, click 'Not Set' and enter day
of the week, time to start and duration. If you want to record once,
enter a date, start time and duration. If you want to record repeatedly,
select a day name on the 'Day/Date Selection' form and press 'Set Start
Day/Date'.  That's all there is to setting it up.

To clear an entire row, select '<-->'.  To just clear the timed
recording, select '-->>'.

When you get more than one screenfull, you can use the scroll bar on the
right side to move down the list.

Mike Morrow
mikey@ILikeTheInternet.com
