This records on time from Shoutcast streams. It can receive only, receive and record
manually or record automatically by time. In all modes, it can output to Winamp for
monitoring (not the best) or output to WMP (solid and much better). It has 20 station
presets for quick tuning.

There are two problems I know of:

1. It does not serve Winamp well (so use WMP)

2. It only makes .mp3 output files, even for .aac streams.  

I will probably take Winamp out soon if it does not behave.  There are gaps and very
frequent rebuffering with consequent stuttering audio. Still investigating that but the
original code did not, either. I added extra buffering and it has not totally cured the
problem.

The second problem takes implementing the entire Shoutcast protocol and receiving the
data.  It is a big task but I found the code and have it working in a test bed.  Just
have to crunch it into this code.  It will be done as soon as possible.  Even if no one
else want is, I do!  As long as you stay away from AACP streams, all is well.  Or, after
recording, you can rename MP3 streams to .AAC and all is well.  Then it will play.  I
don't see any of the rippers doing this yet.  Soon, one will...  this one.

This is an update of the Shoutcast Ripper by Fernando Aldea which is on P-S-C. It has the
same Winamp problem and does not have timed recording or station memory but does have the
core communication code which works quite well to cause Shoutcast to come down, be able
to be recorded and to save the stream by song title. Of course, this is a little dodgy if
the stream cross-fades songs. Makes the beginning start late and tails messy with the
cross-fade. Also, since the metaint only comes occassionally, it is further delayed
causing a problem. This is not recommended for cross-fade channels.

I will update this if I find a solution for the Winamp server problem. Also, I want to
make a recurring auto-record so I can catch the blues show on KCSM.org every Friday at 9
PST. Date driven was easy. Recurring is a little more difficult. With recurring will
come multiple scheduling, also. If you like blues, this is the place to be and if you
cannot be there, use this program to record it.

Credits -------

Thanks to Fernando for an excellent base of code to start with for the basic recording
of streams. I would have taken me a long time to get this project that far. I just put
nice wrapping on it and cleaned up some minor internal problems.

The rounded controls are courtesy of the Rounded Controls work done by William W.
Thanks William!!  The latest version should be uploaded soon.

The Shoutcast protocol can be found by searching for "RadioStreaming - Shoutcast" in
Visual Basic.  Thanks to Mario for the excellent course in how to talk to Shoutcast and
get everything one needs to know.

Thanks to all posters!!  Without you, this project would never have even been started.
Never mind finishing it!!
